Alright, here's
your first exercise for this section. I want you to create an address object
with three properties, street,
city, and zip code.
When you do that, then create a function called
showAddress that takes an address object and displays all
the properties of this object along with their value.
So pause the video, when you're done, come back and continue watching.
So now
I'm going to create an address object, we can use the let or constant keyword.
In this case it doesn't really matter, here we're using the
object literal syntax to initialize this object, so we have
the street property we set that to some value, it doesn't really matter
next is the city property, and finally
zipCode. Next,
we need to create this function, showAddress,
that takes an address object, and here to
enumerate the properties of this object, we're going to use the for
in loop. So, let key in address
then we do a console.log
of key, and address of key,
so here we're using the bracket notation for the value of a given key.
And finally we call this function,
showAddress and pass our address object.
Save the changes, and here's the result.